---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-27T19:31:58.072Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-27T19:31:57.650Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-27-cc8aff95-751e-4d56-919e-c534d4a68b01.md
published: true
url: cc8aff95-751e-4d56-919e-c534d4a68b01/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

**Overview**

We
deliver end-to-end Sales and Marketing solutions exclusively in the Consumer
Technology market. Our expert approach allows us to build bespoke customer solutions
from insight, design and delivery. We innovate, challenge, and love what we do;
to ensure every customer experience is memorable, unique and effective.

****

**Strategic Planning**

Our
strategic end-to-end solution will effectively deliver your commercial
objectives. Whether you are looking to launch a new product to market, grow
your existing product portfolio, improve your in-store execution or negotiate
trading terms.

****

**Insight**

We
deliver end-to-end Sales and Marketing solutions exclusively in the Consumer
Technology market. Our expert approach allows us to build bespoke customer solutions
from insight, design and delivery. We innovate, challenge, and love what we do;
to ensure every customer experience is memorable, unique and effective.

****

**Retail & B2B Relationship
Management**

We
leverage our existing retail head office and B2B partner relationships to
advise, support and implement your retail vision effectively and efficiently.

****

**Retail Sales & Marketing
Team**

Dynamic
people, delivering accelerated performance and ROI for retail sales and
marketing campaigns through memorable interactions that win hearts and minds.

****

**Creative & Design**

Innovative
and powerful brand activation solutions, that connect you to your target
audience and influences purchase behaviour.

****

**Event Management**

Tailored
end to end events using commercial insight that deliver your objectives from
idea generation, concept build and execution.

****

**Digital & Online**

Creation
of engaging social media campaigns, dynamic digital assets andground up website
design that empower your brand.

****

**Telemarketing**

High
impact communication services for sales lead generation, customer support and
market research.

****

**Ignite Compliance**

Innovative
and unique high tech, high touch nationwide compliance solution, delivering instant
visibility and improved results for in-store marketing execution.

****

**Ignite Academy**

Effective
sales and behavioural coaching techniques to develop the best people, creating
the best experiences.